# Irospect
This project was built using Spring Boot and database used was MYSQL.
This application is Back-end only. IROSPECT is a social media platform where users around the world can join it. I have created a sign up, sign in and forget password APIs for users of IROSPECT. For forgot password, one time token will be generated for that user, user can use that token to reset its password, after resetting it that token will not be valid anymore. I have implemented JWT authentication for user validation. Any user cannot access any API without access token. There are 3 levels of users in IROSPECT application, first is normal user who can see all the posts and only can like or dislike or love them, they don’t have the other permissions besides this. Second is IROSPECT user, who has more authority than the normal user, which is IROSPECT user can create and delete their posts. Third and last one is ADMIN, who can do all the operations of IROSPECT user but it has more authority such as ADMIN can delete other users posts or other users account as well. I have added location wise restriction feature to the post, which means the owner of the post, can restrict post location wise for e.g. Pakistan User will not be able to see Indian User Post and vice-a-versa. I have added age wise restriction feature to the post, which means the owner of the post, can restrict post age wise, that means post of genre sensitive shouldn’t be visible to user with age below 18. The last restriction feature which I have added is that a user cannot like/dislike/love his own post. I have built 4 business logic APIs in this application. The first one is to calculate like, dislike, loved count for single IROSPECT post and display below post. Second is to calculate Location wise, age wise reach count of a given post. For e.g.  1. Indian User post is most liked by Mumbai, Gujarat users. 2. Mostly Age group 18 to 30 liked this post. Third is to calculate number of ‘Reacted to’ post for single user. - Consider if a user has liked, disliked, or loved any post on the feed, and then keep the count of that, which will be displayed to every user individually. Fourth and last one is to get all the post of a single user which has more than 1000 Likes. I have used Postman API tool for making various types of HTTP requests (GET, POST, PUT and DELETE) for this project.
